TAG-mPRO Project Explanation
============================

Project name:
TAG-mPRO - Marketing Performance Reconciliation and Optimisation

Purpose:
This application helps an auditor validate marketing campaign spending by uploading multiple business files, converting them into structured tables, and reviewing values across Campaign, PR - Purchase Requisition, PO - Purchase Order, Media Estimate/Schedule, Agency Invoice, Publisher Invoice, and supporting monitoring data.

Current application flow:
1. Entry screen with TAG-mPRO dashboard preview
2. Role selection screen
3. Auditor sign in or account creation
4. Accounting workspace opens directly
5. Compact source-file upload area
6. CRM-style table workspace with second-navbar global filters, multi-select collapsible basic filters, search, view tabs, configurable columns, continuous append imports, and table actions
7. Save or export the reconciliation case

Login:
Username: auditor@mpro.com
Password: Auditor@2026

Deployment and sign-in behavior:
The frontend can work as a static deployed site.
If a backend API is configured and reachable, sign in uses the backend session token and saved cases can be stored in the database.
If a local or direct-file frontend cannot reach a backend API, the demo auditor account can sign in locally and saved cases stay in browser localStorage.
Users can also create browser-local accounts for local/direct-file testing. Local account passwords are stored as PBKDF2-SHA256 hashes using the browser Web Crypto API.
This avoids showing a local server-start requirement to deployed users.
Vercel can host the frontend and the shared backend together by using Python Functions under the api/ folder.
Vercel will not run backend/server.py as a continuously running Python server; instead the deployed API routes call the PostgreSQL backend logic per request.
Database-backed multi-user storage requires a hosted PostgreSQL connection string in the Vercel project environment variables. Supported names are DATABASE_URL, POSTGRES_URL, POSTGRES_PRISMA_URL, POSTGRES_URL_NON_POOLING, NEON_DATABASE_URL, and SUPABASE_DB_URL.

API configuration:
The frontend checks window.TAG_MPRO_API_BASE or localStorage key mpro.apiBase first.
For localhost or direct file usage, it defaults to http://127.0.0.1:8787.
For deployed domains, it defaults to the same-domain /api Vercel Functions.

Live deployment status:
Production site:
https://mpro-ai.vercel.app/

Production repository:
https://github.com/Sharad9084/MPRO-AI

The PDF extraction API is deployed inside the same Vercel project, not as a separate server.
Live extraction endpoint:
https://mpro-ai.vercel.app/api/extract

Deployment commit status:
- Commit beb5354 integrated the MPro PDF extractor API into the frontend repository.
- Commit 28a2830 fixed Vercel read-only filesystem behavior by disabling debug storage writes during API extraction.
- The live /api/extract endpoint was verified with PO_4536170866.pdf and returned sourceType po, confidence High, 2 extracted rows, and PO Number 4536170866.

PDF extractor integration:
The original mpro-pdf-extractor Python engine has been copied into the frontend repository under extractor/.
The Vercel Python Function api/extract.py accepts multipart PDF uploads and calls extractor.engine.extract_pdf().
The frontend upload flow calls /api/extract first for supported source types and then appends the returned JSON rows into the selected table.
The browser PDF.js parser remains as a fallback if the API is unavailable, mainly for direct-file or offline testing.
The API returns JSON rows, not Excel. Excel generation remains useful as a future export feature, but JSON is the correct format for feeding the dashboard tables.

Current PDF parser coverage:
- Purchase Order: working for the tested Xiaomi PO format.
- Agency Invoice: header extraction is available; detailed annexure/table row extraction still needs improvement.
- Broadcaster / Publisher Invoice: header extraction is available; broadcaster-specific telecast/annexure row parsers still need improvement.
- 3rd Party Monitoring Report: header extraction is available; full table extraction still needs improvement.
- Media Estimate/Schedule: still uses the browser parser/fallback path until a dedicated backend parser is added.

Current extraction limitations:
The extractor works best on text-based PDFs.
Scanned/image-only PDFs still need OCR support before extraction can be reliable.
Parser confidence currently means important fields were found; it does not always mean every spot-level or table-level row is fully correct.
Human review is still expected after import, especially for agency invoices, broadcaster invoices, and monitoring reports.

Security:
Backend accounts are created through the API when the API is running.
Passwords are not stored as plain text. The backend stores a password salt and PBKDF2-SHA256 password hash.
Password rules require at least 8 characters, uppercase, lowercase, number, and special character.
Repeated failed sign-in attempts lock the account temporarily.
Backend sign in creates a server-side session token.
Sign off revokes the active session token when one exists.
Local demo sign in is only a browser-local fallback for static deployments.

Roles:
1. Advertiser Login - planned for next phase
2. Agency Login - planned for next phase
3. Auditor Login - active now

Current UI updates:
The app now uses English-only interface copy.
Screen 1 shows Powered by TAGMA Consulting.
The top navigation uses a darker CRM-style bar.
Global filters now live in a second navbar with Campaign, Agency, Medium, and Platform filters.
Global filters support selecting multiple values in the same filter.
The signed-in user area shows only the logged-in user identity, such as auditor@mpro.com.
The accounting workspace opens directly without the New Reconciliation / Existing Reconciliation choice screen.
Basic accounting filters are available as a collapsible left filter rail so the main table can expand.
Basic accounting filters support multiple values per filter, so one filter can include several invoice numbers, PR numbers, PO numbers, campaign types, or program names.
Basic filters include budget, invoice number, PR number, PO number, invoice date, proof of performance, expense monitoring, campaign type, and program name.
Search, active filter chips, Add row, Columns, Export CSV, and Save now sit on one table action row.
Load sample is not shown in the table action row.
The upload area uses tighter source cards with short source icons and reduced vertical space.
Upload help uses hover/focus info tooltips instead of a plain question mark help button.
The separate PDF Auto Import card has been removed.
The five separate source upload cards have been replaced with one required PDF upload intake.
The intake asks for source type, agency name, medium, advertiser name, campaign start date, and campaign end date before extraction.
Agency and advertiser inputs support existing values and new typed values; new values are remembered for future uploads.
Source type is single-choice and follows the source sequence: Media Estimate/Schedule, Agency Invoice, Broadcaster / 3rd Party / Channel Invoice, 3rd Party Monitoring, and Purchase Order.
The upload intake accepts PDF files only in the current UI.
PDF extraction now tries the deployed /api/extract backend first, using the integrated MPro PDF extraction engine for PO, Agency Invoice, Broadcaster / 3rd Party / Channel Invoice, and 3rd Party Monitoring files.
If the extraction API is unavailable, the frontend falls back to browser PDF.js parsing for direct-file or offline testing.
Text-based PDFs can be parsed directly. Scanned/image-only PDFs still need OCR before field extraction can be reliable.
The upload intake supports selecting multiple PDF files at once.
New PDF uploads append to the existing rows instead of replacing older uploaded data, so the workspace can grow continuously as more files arrive.
The empty extraction quality dashboard is no longer shown before data import.
Global filters use searchable checkbox dropdowns and include Campaign, Advertiser, Brand, Agency, Medium, and Platform.
The accounting filter rail is open by default and uses the same searchable checkbox dropdown behavior.
The visible table tabs are Campaign, Purchase Order, Media Estimate/Schedule, Agency Invoice, and Publisher Invoice. The PR tab has been removed from the workspace.
Imported rows receive source-specific import IDs such as agi, bri, agm, mes, and pur prefixes.
The first screen uses a refreshed dashboard hero illustration.
The first screen hero image rotates through multiple dashboard preview illustrations.
The layout is responsive across desktop, tablet, and mobile widths.

Main upload inputs:
1. Media Estimate/Schedule
2. Agency Invoice
3. Publisher Invoice
4. 3rd Party Monitoring Report
5. PO - Purchase Order

Logical tables in the app:
1. Campaign
   Top-level campaign data such as budget, campaign ID, campaign name, brand, advertiser, and manager.

2. PR - Purchase Requisition
   Purchase requisition level data. One campaign/program can have multiple PR numbers.

3. PO - Purchase Order
   Purchase order data. One PR can have multiple PO numbers. Total PO amount should not exceed PR amount.

4. Media Estimate/Schedule
   Planned campaign execution data such as channel, program, date, air time, spots, rate, and planned amount.

5. Agency Invoice
   Agency invoice data with invoice number, invoice date, PO/PR references, campaign, channel, spot, and cost values.

6. Publisher Invoice
   External vendor invoice data. For TV this can mean broadcaster invoice, for print publisher invoice, and for other media a third-party vendor invoice.

7. 3rd Party Monitoring Report
   Proof/monitoring data. For TV this can be AdEx or BARC, for print tear sheet copies, and for digital platform, third-party monitoring, or DCM reports.

8. Reconciliation
   Calculated table that compares the above tables and highlights missing data, amount mismatches, monitoring gaps, and budget hierarchy issues.

Important business hierarchy:
Campaign is the top level.
One Campaign can have many PR numbers.
One PR number can have many PO numbers.
All PR amounts together should stay within the campaign/program budget.
All PO amounts under a PR should stay within that PR amount.

Current reconciliation checks:
- PR data missing
- PO missing
- Media estimate/schedule missing
- Agency invoice missing
- Publisher invoice missing
- Monitoring missing
- PR amount exceeds program budget
- PO amount exceeds PR amount
- PO vs agency amount mismatch
- Schedule vs publisher invoice amount review
- Agency vs publisher invoice amount review

Table behavior:
The Columns button lets the user show or hide columns for the active table.
The grid supports sorting, resizing, and reordering columns.
The visible table tabs are Campaign, PR - Purchase Requisition, PO - Purchase Order, Media Estimate/Schedule, Agency Invoice, and Publisher Invoice.
The 3rd Party Monitoring, Reconciliation, and Combined tabs are hidden from the current visible workspace.
Source tables remain editable where manual correction is useful.
Uploaded source rows are append-only during normal import: later uploads are added below earlier uploads for the same source table.
The search field filters visible rows across table values.
Active filters appear as removable filter chips.
Each selected filter value appears as its own chip and can be removed independently.
Filters are driven by field aliases, so uploaded files can use common variants such as PR No, PO No, Invoice No, Campaign Manager, Program Name, POP, and Expense Monitoring.

Sample files:
- sample-po.csv
- sample-media-schedule.csv
- sample-agency-invoice.csv
- sample-third-party-invoice.csv
- sample-third-party-monitoring-report.csv
- sample-program.csv
- sample-pr.csv

Storage behavior:
If the backend API is reachable and the user has a server session token, Save sends data to the backend.
The local SQLite backend stores data in backend/mpro_reconciliation.db.
The PostgreSQL backend stores data in PostgreSQL when backend/server_postgres.py is running and DATABASE_URL is configured.
If no backend API is configured or reachable, Save stores cases in browser localStorage.

Cloud status:
This project is not saving to a cloud database by default.
Vercel deployment saves to PostgreSQL when a supported PostgreSQL environment variable is configured and the deployed /api functions are healthy.
If PostgreSQL is missing or unreachable on a deployed Vercel domain, sign-in reports a cloud database error.
Browser-local accounts and cases are device/browser-specific. Sharing one Vercel link only shares a database between users when the Vercel project has a working hosted PostgreSQL connection string.
For deployed Vercel domains, sign-in now reports a cloud database error when PostgreSQL is missing instead of presenting local storage as shared storage.

Vercel backend routes:
- GET /api/health
- POST /api/extract
- POST /api/auth/signup
- POST /api/auth/signin
- POST /api/auth/signout
- GET /api/cases
- POST /api/cases

PostgreSQL mode:
Run PostgreSQL, create the database mpro_reconciliation, set DATABASE_URL, then run:
python backend/server_postgres.py

Example:
$env:DATABASE_URL="postgresql://postgres:your_password@localhost:5432/mpro_reconciliation"
python backend/server_postgres.py

Frontend:
Open index.html directly, serve the folder locally, or deploy it as a static frontend.
During local testing it can be opened at:
http://127.0.0.1:8000/index.html

Recommended next steps:
1. Test the live site with one PDF from each source type:
   - Purchase Order
   - Agency Invoice
   - Broadcaster / Publisher Invoice
   - 3rd Party Monitoring Report
   - Media Estimate/Schedule

2. For each test PDF, check:
   - Did the correct table receive rows?
   - Did invoice number, PO number, dates, agency, advertiser, brand, amount, channel, and program fields fill correctly?
   - Did the parser produce only header rows or detailed table/spot rows?
   - Did Parser Confidence show High, Medium, or Low?

3. Prepare a small golden test set:
   - 5 PO PDFs
   - 5 agency invoice PDFs
   - 5 broadcaster invoice PDFs
   - 5 monitoring report PDFs
   - Correct Excel output for each source type

4. Improve parsers in this order:
   - Agency Invoice Annexure-1 and Annexure-2 row extraction
   - Broadcaster invoice telecast/annexure row extraction
   - Monitoring report full table extraction
   - Media Estimate/Schedule backend parser
   - OCR fallback for scanned PDFs

5. Configure shared cloud storage:
   Add DATABASE_URL or POSTGRES_URL in Vercel environment variables if saved cases need to be shared between users and browsers.

6. After every parser improvement:
   - Deploy to Vercel
   - Upload the same golden PDFs again
   - Compare dashboard rows against the correct Excel output
   - Record missing fields and wrong values before the next parser update
